1.1. Part I: Safety requirements with respect to the electric power train of road vehicles of categories M and N1, with a maximum design speed exceeding 25 km/h, equipped with electric power train, excluding vehicles permanently connected to the grid. Part I of this regulation does not cover; (a) Post-crash safety requirements of road vehicles. (b) High voltage components and systems which are not galvanically connected to the high voltage bus of the electric power train. 1.2. Part II: Safety requirements with respect to the Rechargeable Electrical Energy Storage System (REESS), of road vehicles of categories M and N equipped with electric power train, excluding vehicles permanently connected to the grid. 2.1. "Active driving possible mode" means the vehicle mode when application of pressure to the accelerator pedal (or activation of an equivalent control) or release of the brake system will cause the electric power train to move the vehicle. 2.2. "Aqueous electrolyte" means an electrolyte based on water solvent for the compounds (e.g. acids, bases) providing conducting ions after its dissociation. 2.3. "Automatic disconnect" means a device that when triggered, conductively separates the electric energy sources from the rest of the high voltage circuit of the electric power train. 2.4. "Breakout harness" means connector wires that are connected for testing purposes to the REESS on the traction side of the automatic disconnect. 2.5. "Cell" means a single encased electrochemical unit containing one positive and one negative terminals, which exhibits a voltage differential across its two terminals and used as rechargeable electrical energy storage device. 2.6. "Conductive connection" means the connection using connectors to an external power supply when the Rechargeable Electrical Energy Storage System (REESS) is charged. 2.7. "Connector" means the device that provides mechanical connection and disconnection of high voltage electrical conductors to a suitable mating component including its housing. 2.8. "Coupling system for charging the Rechargeable Electrical Energy Storage System (REESS)" means the electrical circuit used for charging the REESS from an external electric power supply including the vehicle inlet. 2.9. "C Rate" of "n C" is defined as the constant current of the Tested-Device, which takes 1/n hours to charge or discharge the Tested-Device between 0 per cent of the state of charge and 100 per cent of the state of charge. 2.10. "Direct contact" means the contact of persons with high voltage live parts. 2.11. "Electric energy conversion system" means a system (e.g. fuel cell) that generates and provides electric energy for electric propulsion. 2.12. "Electric power train" means the electrical circuit which includes the traction motor(s), and may include the REESS, the electric energy conversion system, the electronic converters, the associated wiring harness and connectors, and the coupling system for charging the REESS. 2.13. "Electrical chassis" means a set made of conductive parts electrically linked together, whose potential is taken as reference. 2.14. "Electrical circuit" means an assembly of connected live parts which is designed to be electrically energized in normal operation. 2.15. "Electrical protection barrier" means the part that provides protection against direct contact with the high voltage live parts. 2.16. "Electrolyte leakage" means the escape of electrolyte from the REESS in the form of liquid. 2.17. "Electronic converter" means a device capable of controlling and/or converting electric power for electric propulsion. 2.18. "Enclosure" means the part enclosing the internal units and providing protection against any direct contact. 2.19. "Explosion" means the sudden release of energy sufficient to cause pressure waves and/or projectiles that may cause structural and/or physical damage to the surrounding of the Tested-Device. 2.20. "Exposed conductive part" means the conductive part which can be touched under the provisions of the protection degree IPXXB, and which is not normally energized, but which can become electrically energized under isolation failure conditions. This includes parts under a cover that can be removed without using tools. 2.21. "External electric power supply" means an alternating current (AC) or direct current (DC) electric power supply outside of the vehicle. 2.22. "Fire" means the emission of flames from a Tested-Device. Sparks and arcing shall not be considered as flames. 2.24. "High Voltage" means the classification of an electric component or circuit, if its working voltage is > 60 V and ≤ 1500 V DC or > 30 V and ≤ 1000 V AC root mean square (rms). 2.25. "High voltage bus" means the electrical circuit, including the coupling system for charging the REESS that operates on high voltage. In case of electrical circuits, that are galvanically connected to each other and fulfilling the voltage condition specified in paragraph 2.42., only the components or parts of the electric circuit that operate on high voltage are classified as a high voltage bus. 2.26. "Indirect contact" means the contact of persons with exposed conductive parts. 2.27. "Live parts" means the conductive part(s) intended to be electrically energized under normal operating conditions. 2.28. "Luggage compartment" means the space in the vehicle for luggage accommodation, bounded by the roof, hood, floor, side walls, as well as by the barrier and enclosure provided for protecting the occupants from direct contact with high voltage live parts, being separated from the passenger compartment by the front bulkhead or the rear bulk head. 2.29. "Manufacturer" means the person or body who is responsible to the approval authority for all aspects of the approval process and for ensuring conformity of production. It is not essential that the person or body is directly involved in all stages of the construction of the vehicle or component which is the subject of the approval process. 2.